Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Please. there's been a misunderstanding.
The woman who had me arrested
did not pay me a wage for seven years.
She is not to be trusted.
I am not the magistrate. sweetheart.
Can you send word
to someone for me. please?
Alfie Barrow. He works under
the new Lady Penwood at Penwood House.
Your working friend.
or anyone who might speak on your behalf.
besides the fact
that they are unlikely to be believed.
if the lady who sent me after you
has anything to do with it.
she will make sure anyone who
does speak for you faces personal ruin.
So. I can send for anyone you want.
but you had better make sure
you're well worth the trouble to them.
No. you are right.
Take the blanket.
If you are convicted.
it's life behind bars… at best.
Dearest members of the ton.
Her Majesty the Queen honors you
with her generous invitation
to attend the event of the season.
It shall be.
as all balls thrown by your Queen are.
the grandest night of the year.
Full of spectacle. glamour.
delights. that sort of thing.
Your presence is requested.
Your style is required.
Your absence. without reason.
will be noted.
The season offers some hope. at least.
With us in mourning.
at least we will not be expected
at the Queen's ball.
-Apologies. I was simply trying to…
-Of course. I am relieved.
Avoiding events was one of my and John's
most favorite shared activities.
Oh. yes. Do note that this is an event
in honor of Lady Agatha Danbury.
She has chosen to depart
from London to go…
Elsewhere.
Mmm.
Does it not seem a slight to Lady Danbury?
This part of the text is so small.
I can hardly read it.
Now that the Queen does not have
Whistledown to antagonize.
perhaps she has shifted her animosity.
Do you know anything. Rae?
About Lady Danbury and the Queen?
I cannot say that I do.
No.
Of course you do not.
Oh!
Rae is a good housekeeper.
Just because you miss Varley does not...
Miss Varley?
Where would you get such a strange idea?
I do not think of her.
I have considered leaving every morning.
until this one.
The dowager was rather pleasant
upon waking.
That is because she had that former maid
of hers apprehended last night.
and at this very moment.
I believe Lord Stotter may be behind
these doors about to propose to Miss Li.
Yes!
Yes. yes. yes!
My wife to be. then.
I shall see you soon.
and with luck. every day after that.
You have surely
made the match of the season!
-Look at my ring!
-Congratu...
You must begin planning
what you will wear to the Queen's ball.
Surely the perfect place
to announce your betrothal.
Where are you going. Mama?
To the jail. naturally.
Do you not know? I heard you were
quite helpful in guiding Mama to Sophie.
Rosamund!
Did you have Sophie arrested?
A thief should not evade justice.
Sophie is not a thief. Mama.
She was never anything but good to us.
I do not wish to hear from you
on this matter any further.
I shall return soon.
You have done very well. Rosamund.
Are you not going to congratulate me?
Congratulations. sister.
-She is where?
-It is my fault.
I thought her a thief and helped
the Dowager Lady Penwood find her.
But Miss Posy made it clear
I was gravely mistaken.
This Sophie worked in this house when
it was under the dowager's oversight. yes.
But does she have any family?
Less words. please.
I know who we should speak to.
Oh. is that an automated roasting spit?
These two have
a most urgent matter to discuss with you.
Perhaps you could let Hyacinth
show you her ribbon collection.
-She's made quite a few additions lately.
-It is not so impressive.
I am thinking I might delay
going to Eton for some time
to spend time with you. Fran.
No. please do not do that.
I am so grateful to all of you
for your support
and attention. but. um…
I believe that your sister
would like us all to act normally.
if only for a time.
Yes. Thank you.
Perhaps we could…
talk about someone else instead.
-How are you. Mother?
-Oh!
-How is your friend. Lord Anderson?
-Lord Anderson? Well. he… he… well…
Mother. I need to speak to you
about Sophie.
Oh.
Uh…
Forgive me for interrupting.
Francesca. um…
Um… Impressive or not.
I should like to see
that ribbon collection.
Come along. You as well. Gregory.
Did you ask her?
-Ask her what?
-Ask who?
-No. she had gone before I could find her.
-Do you know where she's going?
-Excuse me. my lady.
-Who are we speaking of?
Sophie. She has gone to the Americas.
I tried to catch her ship.
but there were two leaving.
-And I could not find her in the crowd.
-You chased Sophie to the docks?
-What is going on exactly?
-Your brother is in love with your maid.
Only she has left us in the middle
of the night without saying goodbye.
Ma'am.
-What?!
-Please do not write about this.
-I am no longer Lady Whistledown.
-I cannot lose her to the Americas.
I need to know how
one might charter a boat.
If she just left this morning
there may be time.
Will you all be quiet a moment?
Please.
Hazel has something to tell you.
I am so sorry to interrupt.
but I have good news and bad news.
The good news being.
Mr. Bridgerton will not be needing a boat.
Whoa. Whoa.
Someone is here to see you.
Hello. Sophie.
How rude.
You should be grateful a lady has
even come to such an undesirable place.
Especially as I have come to help you.
-Help me?
-Yes. I want to be generous.
You could avoid a trial.
your public humiliation.
any possible damage
to the Bridgerton household
for harboring you.
How?
A confession. of course.
It would make all this far easier
if you admit you impersonated someone
you are not. that you stole from me.
-I did not.
-You did.
You have stolen everything from me.
And I will not give you what is left
by confessing to make your life easier.
You have always made poor choices.
At least now
you shall get what you deserve.
Guard! I am finished here.
This will not go well for you.
Without any witness
to speak on your behalf.
and based on the sworn testimony
of the Dowager Lady Penwood…
Sir. please…
Miss Baek. I must remind you
that you are not to speak.
At this time.
I have no choice but to sentence you...
Sir! I must ask you
to release this woman at once.
-What is the meaning of this?
-Who. sir. are you?
Benedict Bridgerton. son to the late
Viscount Edmund Bridgerton
and brother to
the Viscount Anthony Bridgerton.
And brother to the Duke of Hastings.
Mr. Bridgerton is a second son.
The girl is accused
of stealing from a countess.
You besmirch my honor
over a pair of shoe clips?
They must've been tremendously valuable.
Sir. Miss Baek has been in my employ
for months now. and we can attest.
based on her character. that these charges
are certain to be unfounded.
-They are certainly not.
-Do you have any proof?
Please. I urge you all to maintain decorum
and act in accordance
with your rank and dignity.
Lady Penwood.
if this family were willing
to pay you the cost of your shoe clips.
would you retract
your accusations against Miss Baek?
Yes. we are happy to pay.
That will be insufficient.
as she also stands accused
of impersonating a lady.
a lady in a silver dress
at the very masquerade ball
held by the Dowager Lady Bridgerton.
I will have justice!
Then we need time
to mount a defense for Miss Baek.
What kind of defense can there possibly be
except that she has clearly clouded
Mr. Bridgerton's judgment by seducing him?
I did no such thing.
How dare you imply that my son is...
Order! I will have order!
Magistrate Burton. we will provide
Miss Baek with a barrister.
Until then. I wonder if you would be
so kind as to save me from distress.
She is a ladies' maid in my employ.
and I cannot manage without her services.
I must beg for your aid.
Might you release her into my custody
until things are set to rights?
We would be so grateful
that you indulge my poor mother.
I will release Miss Baek on bail.
on condition that she remain
in the Bridgerton household.
and you will guarantee
she does not leave such household.
But might I suggest.
talk with one another.
Unless you are able to reach
an agreement amongst yourselves.
we will meet again in a week's time
to determine Miss Baek's fate.
There is to be no agreement.
-She is going to prison.
-Oh. we shall see about that.
What do you think the Queen will say
when she finds out you harbor a criminal.
one you allowed
to step outside her station
and seduce your son?
Do you think she will allow you
to remain in society?
Shall we find out?
I cannot thank both of you enough.
I am grateful. but you should not
have gone to the trouble.
I will not hear of it.
Why did you not send word to us?
Would the constable not let you?
No. I thought perhaps
I had done enough to push you all away.
Escaping in the night as I did.
I did not wish to burden you further.
Well. it is a good thing we were alerted.
You have a great many people
who care for you. Sophie.
I hope you see that.
Our trials are not over though.
If the Dowager Lady Penwood
does not win her case in court.
she may try to win it in public.
And if the Queen finds out
about your… attachment. well.
it could create a scandal so large.
even your leaving for the country
would hardly dampen the effects it might
have on your younger siblings' prospects.
There is no easy solution to that.
I am glad you are here
and safely with us. Sophie.
Welcome home.
Your room is all made up and ready.
but do let us know
if there is anything we have forgotten.
I do not understand. My room is
upstairs in the servants' quarters.
Not anymore.
Lady Bridgerton has informed us
that you are to be our guest
until all this with the trial blows over.
Or until you formalize
your attachment with Mr. Bridgerton.
-Why did you not say?
-They have no attachment. Hazel.
Though Lady Bridgerton has made it clear
that her son is not to cross this hall
to your room for any reason.
or you to his.
-Of course.
-I have eyes everywhere.
Come along. Hazel.
How long have you known?
I found your necklace
in my bedroom last night.
The Lady in Silver.
she wore this very same pendant.
I never wished to lie to you. I only…
I could not stand to think
of your disappointment
upon learning that the woman
you searched for all that time
would turn out not to be
an enchanting young lady. but…
Me.
The very last thing I feel
knowing it was you is disappointment.
I've spent so much of my life
feeling alone in a crowded room.
I fell for you at the masquerade because
you saw me.
Just me.
What kind of a man would I be if I only
ever saw you as the Lady in Silver?
And yet.
all this time.
you did not believe
that I could handle the truth.
Perhaps because your love for me
is not what I thought it was.
Benedict.
Forgive me.
Mrs. Wilson has sent me to keep watch
and ensure that both of you
keep to your separate rooms.
I could use a lie-down.
We should hope at the very least
to keep Sophie out of prison.
I hesitate to ask something of you
so close to your departure.
but in a perfect world.
well. the Queen's blessing of their union
might protect us all from a scandal.
It is quite the fantastical tale.
Maid… gentleman… in love.
And perhaps too fantastical
for Her Majesty to accept.
Mm. the Queen has wagered a great deal
on Benedict's getting married this season.
It is unlikely.
-Mm.
-But I am happy to try.
Also. I believe her father
to be of nobility.
Well. does that help our case at all?
Not if the mother was a maid.
Even if Sophie had not been relegated
to the position of maid herself.
the ton would never accept a gentleman
marrying a girl of illegitimate origins.
And I am afraid the best they can hope for
is to slip quietly away
to the countryside together.
I can delay my trip.
Stay. make sure that if any scandal erupts
that I am here to...
Agatha. no.
It is your time.
I appreciate you trying with the Queen.
but no.
No. you must go.
Violet Bridgerton…
I will miss you.
I will miss you too.
Very much.
May I help you. Miss Baek?
Sophie will do. John.
Did anyone call for me?
Mm. no.
No. I do not believe so.
You look handsome tonight. John.
Are you being quite serious?
Of course I am.
Because I have not been certain
if you are interested.
You do have something of a reputation.
That was all before I met you.
I thought perhaps…
I have been trying to figure out
how to sneak into yours as well.
I was furious
when you did not recognize me.
I know.
-I am sorry.
-I… I was furious at first.
But then I realized
it does not matter. Benedict.
You have shown me
a tremendous amount of love.
more than I have felt in a very long time.
And my inability to believe in it…
The only other person in my life
I was sure loved me was my father.
He was the sixth Earl of Penwood.
Richard Gun.
He promised he would always
take care of me. and I trusted that.
I trusted his love.
But after his death. it became clear
that I had been mistaken in both cases.
Is it because of him you became a maid?
He provided nothing for me in his will.
Araminta made that very clear.
Did you see this will for yourself?
No. I did not wish to be further crushed.
Sophie.
It is clear that woman despises you.
From the very day she met me.
What reason would you have
to believe her about your father?
I…
I do not know.
I simply believed her.
Believed that my father
would have forgotten me.
Believed that the love I felt in my head
was made-up from the beginning.
Believed that I should not expect you to
recognize me or love me or commit to me.
Sophie.
Of course I love you.
Do you believe me now?
I did not help. I should never
have asked you to be my mistress.
I am forever sorry.
Last night I came back here for a reason.
to ask you the question
I should have asked you all along.
Do not. Not now.
I have my family's blessing. Sophie.
Not with a trial hanging over us.
your family's reputation at stake.
Let us wait.
I love you.
I love you. Benedict.
Will you join me?
I cannot risk it yet.
Then we will not.
Turn around.
Mmm.
You do not have to do that anymore.
Miss Bridgerton.
I hope you are not cross with me.
Oh. I am positively outraged.
The most interesting thing ever to happen
in my home happened right under my nose.
and I was blind to it the entire time.
Good.
Because I would like to ask you a favor.
I would like your help
getting into Penwood House.
I am delighted you have come to call.
A little surprised.
but delighted.
I am all for putting the past in the past.
Yes. as am I.
Well. we do have a good many things
to discuss that should occupy us
for a good many minutes.
I am all ears.
I… had heard you repainted
with pink.
and I wanted to tell you
how splendid it looked. It is so…
You.
Alfie!
-What are you doing here?
-My father's will. I believe it...
I believe it is in the study.
Araminta is trying to put me behind bars.
and I must know what it says
before she succeeds.
H... hmm.
You should sit
before you wear a line in that rug.
Apologies.
I know that Lady Danbury
was not optimistic.
but I am certain everything will work out.
We will find a way. We always do.
So…
Sophie was the Lady in Silver.
Well.
I think the Earl of Penwood's daughter
deserved to attend a ball at some point.
Mmm?
If we survive this chapter.
what if I cannot do it?
Moving. permanently to the countryside.
-Being a husband.
-Do you doubt your feelings for Sophie?
No. I doubt myself.
Why. Benedict?
Have I not been disappointing you
my entire life?
I am never disappointed in my children.
Oh well. maybe I have…
been hard on you at times.
but… there is a reason for that.
It is because in many ways
I was most like you as a child.
What do you mean?
Children have an easier time imagining
a ghost in a darkened hallway than they do
imagining their mother as a youth.
In fairness. I… I have mostly
forgotten that girl myself.
What was she like?
She was impulsive.
passionate.
wild. carefree.
filled with a burning desire
to experience all that life had to offer
and… and constantly wishing to do
the opposite of what her parents wanted.
Anthony is just like your father.
But you… you are my son.
through and through.
-What happened to her?
-Well. I…
I fell in love.
A love that made all my wild rebellion
grow quiet and still.
I did not need it anymore.
I was just happy.
That is what I feel for Sophie.
Then your love will make you capable
of anything you put your mind to.
I hope you have not left
that wild. carefree young girl behind.
She sounds delightful. in her own right.
She was.
It has to be in here.
Lily thought she saw you walking up.
I had to see for myself.
-Irma.
-Do you know where the key for this is?
We're looking for her father's will.
I have seen his lordship open that
with a key from this drawer.
Which one is it?
Your guess is as good as mine.
And will you be using this shade of pink
for your country estate as well?
Eloise. I find it most difficult
to believe that you came here today to
compliment my taste in colors.
Oh. Why?
I… Can a young lady not simply wish
to discuss the color pink?
I know why you are truly here.
You have finally succumbed to the mania.
The marriage mania.
It is clear you are at last imagining
what it would be like
to have a husband one day.
And you wish to know what it is like.
Oh…
Yes.
I am quite overcome with
the madness.
It was difficult last season
not having a shared dream
for the future between us.
I do understand your view of things.
How marriage steals
independence and liberty.
Mary Wollstonecraft and all that.
You read Mary Wollstonecraft?
You would not stop talking
about her last season.
And. uh… what else was I
supposed to do in Wales?
She has some good ideas. but the truth is.
she does not sufficiently value love.
It has the power
to change one's life. Eloise.
Yes.
I am starting to see that.
Well done.
This is the one.
"Richard Gun. the sixth Earl of Penwood."
He bequeaths an additional £4.000
to Araminta for every year she houses me.
Oh my goodness.
That's why she kept you on.
She was profiting off you.
Sophie.
What is it?
I can see that marriage
has been of great benefit to you.
At the very least. it has had the power
to give me the drawing room of my dreams.
It is quite an improvement
on Cowper House. is it not?
You never belonged in that house.
Or with your parents.
I should like to apologize.
All that business with you
nearly having to marry a man
three times your age last season…
I was far too
self-interested. really. to appreciate
how difficult that must have been
and how much your success
on the marriage mart mattered to you.
Thank you.
And all is well.
Everything has worked out
exactly as it should.
It has. indeed.
After all that.
the shoe clips turned out to be fake.
Hm!
Is this what passes for gossip these days?
I do not care about shoe clips.
Or maids.
No matter what I may think
of the Dowager Lady Penwood.
if the magistrate sees fit
to charge the girl. so be it.
The dowager
also means to impress upon Your Majesty
that this maid seduced a gentleman.
Benedict Bridgerton.
The most eligible suitor of the season.
-Seduced by a maid?
-Mmm.
Well. is it true?
No. it is not true.
She did not have to seduce him.
because he… loves her.
Against all reason and expectation.
they have formed an attachment.
She saved his life in the countryside.
and he fell for her
as she nursed him back to health.
A man once thought never able to commit.
moved by the simple grace
and beauty of a girl of humble origins.
Your Majesty. you were right all along.
Benedict Bridgerton
is ready for marriage after all.
It is unfortunate.
I was right all along. casting my wager.
Mmm.
But I will lose still.
Your Majesty.
Well. Benedict Bridgerton
cannot marry a maid. can he?
I had hoped we could make one
last great match together. Lady Danbury.
It is a shame for us to go out on a loss.
Tell me. Brimsley.
how is the ball coming along?
Extremely well. Your Majesty.
Wait! Slow down!
Got you!
What do you know about what is going on
with Benedict Bridgerton?
You've been spending a great deal
of time together this season.
What do you know?
You know something.
You have been withholding from me.
If you know
I've been withholding something.
then you have been withholding
something as well.
All I know. there is a lower-class girl.
someone he knows he should not be with.
It is a maid at Bridgerton House.
I overheard them. They are in love.
And the Dowager Lady Penwood
is trying to send her to prison.
This morning. I spent four hours helping
the Queen decide on florals for her ball.
Yesterday. there was a debate over
whether the Pomeranian should be shaved
to resemble lions.
-The day before that…
-Alice.
We can move to the country
if you are unhappy with your position.
No. No. we cannot.
One does not
simply walk away from the Queen.
And I do not wish to. But I wish
to do something of meaning. Will.
Lady Danbury helped the Queen
reshape our society.
I am… decorating.
I'm not even decorating. I am saying
yes or no while the servants decorate.
You and I.
we were given this life out of thin air.
And it has been wonderful.
And we are enjoying ourselves at last.
but I should like
to help others enjoy it as well.
If I involve myself
in trying to help this maid.
either it will finally
earn me the Queen's close confidence.
or it will ruin this family.
I should like to do it either way.
You have my full support. then.
She hasn't been gone that long. Benedict.
-Mrs. Mondrich.
-Good day.
Alice. unfortunately now
is not an ideal time.
Yes. I know. Lady Danbury
had little success with the Queen.
But I have an idea for another approach.
My mother and I have been
so worried for you.
Forgive me. The new Lady Penwood insisted
on Miss Bridgerton staying for tea.
How did it go?
I saw my father's will.
What is it?
My father…
He kept his promise.
Posy. Rosamund. myself.
He left us each an equal-portioned dowry.
He loved me.
Of course he did.
How could anyone not?
You are not going to prison.
The Dowager Lady Penwood stole your dowry.
That makes her a liar and a thief.
If she has not already spent it all.
I have a dowry.
It still does not make me legitimate
or an appropriate match for a gentleman.
I do not care about the money. I do not
care whether you are appropriate or not.
Mrs. Mondrich came to call.
She is one of the Queen's
ladies-in-waiting.
She has a plan to help us.
What is it?
We will have to find you a dress
because you are going
to the Queen's ball tomorrow.
It is a game for two.
Forgive me.
It is my family.
There is a scandal brewing.
A scandal?
Do tell.
Benedict. my brother.
is in love with a maid.
My family. we are all supporting them.
But everyone else in the ton will
surely be up in arms if they find out.
Which. I confess.
does feel rather trivial compared to…
Now is when you choose
to hold your tongue?
I am only surprised.
Your family is surprising.
I would not blame you
for distancing yourself from us. from me.
No. I meant surprising in a good way.
Love does not always look
how one expects. I imagine.
I am not one to judge
the happiness of others.
I am relieved to hear you say so.
I had hoped. if you were not concerned
by our continued association.
that you might consider
staying here in London
until a new heir is found.
-I am here.
-I know.
But I suppose I am feeling…
A suspense about
when you might leave again.
as you so rarely
stay in one place for long.
You are the only other person
who truly understands.
If you would like it. I shall stay.
It would mean a great deal to me.
I feel very close to you. Michaela.
As do I.
Look what one of the maids
helped me rescue from the bin.
Hm. Slightly rumpled.
but I think it gives it character. no?
You need not have bothered.
Ah. I take it you are
still planning not to debut.
I must say.
I think that would be a mistake.
You cannot be serious.
After you incessantly mocked my lessons...
In my defense…
They were extremely mockable.
I thought you would be thrilled.
Now you will not grow old alone.
We can be spinsters together.
As wonderful as that sounds.
I know it is not genuinely what you want.
It is all right to be frightened.
What happened to John. it is beyond awful.
It frightens me too.
more than I care to admit.
Some things are out of our control.
But what is in our control
is our ability to support one another
and ensure that we do not allow fear
to keep us from experiencing
something that could be truly special.
-Now you are a proponent of marriage?
-Proponent is far too strong a word.
But after spending a season by your side.
I can see that. on occasion.
marriage might have its advantages.
Companionship.
family.
a prime seat at a soiree.
And then. if not for
mother and father's marriage.
we would not all have each other.
which seems a rather large reward.
Most of the time. anyway.
I suppose your points have some merit.
Though if…
I am to one day find the right husband.
I think I should like
to get to know myself better first.
An excellent plan.
The season will not be the same
without you. Lady Danbury.
Well. I have no doubt you will
still find ways of enjoying yourselves.
You will be missed greatly.
By the Queen. most of all.
Hm. Well.
Here's to us.
Tonight is our night. Rosamund.
Let us greet Lord Stotter.
and then we shall speak to the Queen
and settle the matter of Sophie.
I can do this.
Are we certain we can do this?
Would it not be better to wait
until we see the magistrate?
It may be too late by then
if the dowager gets to the Queen tonight.
Mrs. Mondrich will arrange everything.
You will just have to tuck in close
as we sneak you in.
Hopefully. the last time.
Your party?
Violet Bridgerton.
The Dowager Lady Bridgerton.
Yes. plus three.
Something like that. yes.
So many children.
Bridgertons. come with me.
Wait. what are we meant to do now. then?
Well. it is strange not to be
at the very center of a scandal for once.
Mm. Let us enjoy it. then.
May I have this dance?
Miss Posy.
Miss Bridgerton.
Oh. No.
I am… I do not know if you know.
but I was not part of…
No. I… I assumed not.
I was simply greeting you.
Though perhaps I should not.
Your mother may disapprove.
But do not let her dictate what you do.
A friend of mine has a mother
not too dissimilar to yours.
and that friend has done
very well for herself now.
Truly?
You have the interest of Lord Barnaby.
He does ask me to dance from time to time.
but my mother's efforts are concentrated
on my sister this season.
Oh.
I should not let her dictate
the matters of my heart like that.
Lord Barnaby is most eligible.
And your mother and sister are occupied.
Go.
Very well.
Miss Posy.
will you at last accept
my offer of a dance?
Lady Penwood.
you are being summoned.
Am I being summoned by the Queen?
That was easier than I thought.
Come along. Posy.
Now.
Excuse me.
What is this?
I thought the Queen was to join us.
I believe you will be glad
she is elsewhere for the moment.
Sophie? Mama. what is she doing here?
Seven years.
Seven long years I spent
serving you in my own home.
I asked you the day you kicked me out
why you kept me so long.
and I know now
it was never out of any goodness.
but only because my father
promised you an extra stipend
for every year you kept me on.
But you were never meant
to keep me on as a maid.
-How do you know that?
-I saw the will.
And I also saw
that my father left me a dowry.
-Mother.
-Quiet. Posy.
Three equal parts.
One for Rosamund.
one for Posy. and one for myself.
Yet I venture to guess
that what you have promised Lord Stotter
is double what you have told Posy
she is to receive.
Doubled by the embezzlement of my portion.
Oh. this is preposterous. How dare you
accuse my mother of such a thing?
Eighteen thousand pounds.
What is yours?
Did you not believe my beauty and charm
were enough on their own to make a match?
You believed I needed 36.000 pounds?
This is all beside the point.
She stole from me.
I was the one who stole
the shoe clips. Mama.
It is not about the shoe clips.
The money for your dowry.
it was our money.
it should have been our money.
But you stole it from us.
You stole him from us.
My girls needed a father.
They needed his love.
I needed his love.
But instead you were there.
Araminta. he loved you too.
I saw it.
And you have the love of your daughters.
Both of them. Do not take it for granted.
Trust me. it serves no one.
Richard was a good man.
But he lived in a dream world.
He thrust his greatest mistake upon me
with no notice or warning
and left me to face the consequences
of harboring an illegitimate child.
I have done nothing
but try to protect both of my girls.
But Mama… we have never been
in jeopardy because of Sophie.
And I am tired of talking about her.
There is still the matter
of you impersonating nobility.
Oh that. I think. we can settle ourselves.
as you have committed a far greater crime.
Embezzlement of a dowry. dishonoring
the late earl's will and estate.
I will not go to prison.
If you ruin me. I will ruin her.
And vice versa.
It is simple.
We shall all agree to a more
mutually beneficial recounting of events.
It is a beautiful evening.
Yes.
Your Majesty.
Mrs. Mondrich. Are you quite well?
I have prepared something for you.
The maid Benedict Bridgerton
is in love with. she is here.
What do you mean she is here?
I've arranged for her to be here
so that you might see what is
between her and Mr. Bridgerton.
Because I believe
if you were to witness it in person.
you will see the love they share…
No. Mrs. Mondrich.
-Get her out of here.
-Oh. Your Majesty.
-Perhaps...
-Your Majesty.
I will not.
Once upon a time.
there were royals living in a palace
who wished for you to go away.
But you stayed.
And you are the most fascinating woman
to have sat on the throne
in a very long time.
You are a patron of music. of the arts.
You have zebras in your gardens.
and you love gossip.
You are a woman of many interests.
but you are missing the largest portion
of what is amusing in the world
by ignoring those
of the lower classes. because.
with all respect to you. Lady Danbury.
not every maid is humble
or graceful or simple.
The woman
Benedict Bridgerton is in love with.
a woman capable
of making that man settle down?
That woman is sure to be
full of vim and vigor.
A spitfire so full of life that she has
a countess setting foot in a prison
because she is
so obsessed with this woman.
Your Majesty. you are missing
all the good gossip.
Mmm.
-That is too far. I will not do it.
-You will.
And you'll retreat to your country estate
for the remainder of the season.
Well. Mr. Bridgerton.
I am told you are in love.
Yes. Your Majesty.
May I present Miss Sophie Gun.
Gun?
As in the late Lord Penwood?
She is the daughter of his cousin.
Were you not just saying how much
they resembled each other. Lady Penwood?
I was.
She spent most of her life in the country
and has only just come to town.
-I thought you said…
-I was mistaken. Your Majesty.
Do you speak?
Yes. Your Majesty.
Is what they say true?
That you are a relation of the late earl?
I can say with complete conviction.
Your Majesty.
that I am by birth and by education
a daughter of Penwood House.
You would have made a wonderful diamond.
Very well. then.
Was there something of interest
about shoe clips?
Uh. no. Your Majesty. I do not believe so.
I think there was.
But carry on.
We're cousins. then.
We are sisters.
I think young Violet
would be quite impressed by you today.
I think she would.
That was quite a risk you took.
Yes. Your Majesty.
You're lucky I went along with it.
Run along.
This game you're playing.
I will not be manipulated.
-You will not be.
-Did you hear?
Apparently Lord Stotter is not content
with Miss Li's now-inadequate dowry.
No. Stop it. No. Please.
Well. he has always been known
to be a fortune hunter.
Miss Li is not my favorite.
but I imagine the family rather needed
one of the girls to make
a match this season.
Something tells me all will be well.
Miss Posy.
Oh…
Varley! What are you doing here?
Oh. my lady.
forgive me for coming so late.
I hope you've not come to beg
for your position back. Varley.
Because if you have.
I'm afraid I must tell you
that we are more than satisfied with Rae.
No. certainly not.
I am headed to the country
for a new position.
And I have come for some of my things
before I leave town.
I left behind a few… books
in my rush to depart.
Did we not tease Penelope
about her reading together?
I do not remember
you picking up a single book.
Well. I also came for an apology.
I never got one.
An apology? From me? About what?
Well. for taking me for granted.
For treating me like family
and then working me like a dog
and paying me worse than that.
I think that is highly unfair. You will
not be getting an apology from me.
Very well.
Perhaps…
Perhaps I could… possibly be
apologetic about
one or two things.
Those. uh…
Dresses that I offered you.
they were clearly out of season.
I should have found you something nicer.
Or paid you more.
That will do.
I forgive you.
Oh. Varley.
I have missed you.
Oh. I cannot begin to tell you.
That Penwood woman.
she made working here seem like a holiday.
I was only going to the countryside
because she came home tonight
in a foul mood and dismissed me.
-Dismissed you?
-Yeah!
What sort of a fool would do such a thing?
Well. we cannot have you
going to the countryside.
Oh. but you have Rae.
Yes. but…
It is a very large house.
Yes. he has formed an attachment.
Miss Sophie Gun.
a relation of the late Lord Penwood.
Miss Gun.
may I have your first dance?
You may. Mr. Bridgerton.
Was that not absurd?
It was a truly mad plan.
She is certainly full of new energy.
that Mrs. Mondrich.
Though I do not know if her plan worked
because she planned it well
or because of the sheer lack of a plan.
Well. she was right about one thing.
You do enjoy being amused.
Ridiculous.
It is the best thing to happen all season.
No. The best thing to happen all season
is that you are sure to win your wager
with Mrs. Bridgerton.
Ahh.
Oh. yes.
The bet shall be settled.
That was fun. Lady Danbury.
Hmm.
We have such fun together.
Yes. we do.
I will miss you.
Oh. bother.
I command these to stop.
To stop?
Shh…
How does it feel to be
officially recognized as a Penwood?
Strange.
But good.
Would you mind if I cut it short. then?
Because I would very much like
to make you a Bridgerton.
Oh.
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Yes. I will.
I am overjoyed at how things
have worked in your son's favor.
Oh. as am I.
The two of them can marry properly
and stay here in town now if they wish.
They are a legitimate pair
as far as anyone is concerned.
That is very good.
And now we may at last
make our announcement joyfully
and without concern.
Shall we tell your children tonight?
Is something the matter?
Um…
I. um…
It has been a rather eventful evening.
Are we not perhaps rushing things?
I do not see any reason we should delay.
Unless you see one that I am not aware of?
One I should be made aware of?
I have been hesitant
because of my children.
because of my late husband.
because of Francesca.
But today I came to understand
another source of my hesitation.
Which is?
I have been a wife
and a mother for so long.
I have lost perspective entirely
on who I was before that.
I'm only just starting to get reacquainted
with that part of myself.
my carefree. wild self. and…
I am afraid that if we are to wed.
then I would lose that opportunity.
And yet I do not want to lose you either.
I do not understand. then.
Would it not...
Could we not continue
as we are?
Seeing one another.
but still having our independence?
Violet. I want so much for your happiness.
But I want for my own as well.
Our time together has been a gift.
I want to share a life with you.
And I would wait if I believed
you may one day want the same.
-But I am starting to doubt that you do.
-Please. Marcus. please. I…
I care for you deeply.
I know. I feel that you do.
Dearest Gentle Reader.
are you perhaps feeling a little shock?
Have you seen Miss Stirling tonight?
Has she gone to bed already?
Did Miss Stirling not inform you?
-Of what?
-She has packed her belongings and left.
You thought I was gone for good…
…but far too much transpires
for this author to remain silent…
…and so we are reunited.
What are we doing?
I desire to dance with my betrothed.
Mm. You are rather skilled.
even with no music.
It is all the more remarkable
if you knew who my first dance tutor was.
I had so much to overcome.
It is assuredly
a reunion rooted in care and love…
I thought you were done with Whistledown.
I am. I am working on my novel.
Then who in the devil wrote this?
…though this time
with a very different author.
It is midnight.
Must you flee?
I can stay
as long as you like.
I was hoping you might stay forever.
But for now.
my new identity shall remain a secret.
Dear reader.
we are going to have so much fun.
I have some advice for you.
-More advice?
-Mm-hmm.
Even on my wedding day.
you must be the wizened firstborn brother.
In fact. the wisest thing I could impart
is never listen to me again.
Father would be so proud of you.
I know I am.
Whose wedding do you think
we will be attending next?
Oh. I do love a wedding.
All the best people in the same place.
As an attendee.
-Do you think you'll ever do it again?
-Me?
A wedding? No.
I have had my great love.
One time is enough.
Sophie.
Benedict.
Dearly beloved.
we are gathered together
here in the sight of God…
You may kiss your bride.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm